---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Here is a blog that shows what our group has accomplished every day that we work on our project! This will be updated daily as we make more progress on our calendar.
categories: [markdown]
title: Team Blog
---

# 10/24 (Monday)
Our backend developer (Jishnu) made the code for the calendar API and table using Python, but we realized that we needed to use JavaScript in order to create it. We also realized that we needed to have our actual project show up here on our frontend (Fastpages). This was when we began to use this blog as a way to document our progress on the project.

# 10/25 (Tuesday)
Our team was discussing about how we should go about creating the calendar in HTML, as whenever we tried to code in the actual markdown file, the calendar would not turn out like it was expected to. We created several issues that talked about problems regarding this, and would soon make GitHub [issues](https://github.com/Emaad-Mir/ttitans-fastpages/issues) that would explain the solutions to these problems.

# 10/26 (Wednesday)
The Scrum Master (Emaad) found out that in order for us to build our calendar, we need to make an html file with all of the JavaScript/HTML in it and use the include command in order to display it on the actual markdown file. This worked out great, as we now have a calendar for the month of November and can begin the process of customizing it and implementing the API into it. At the moment, we are trying to figure out how we can make the numbers on the calendar appear on the top right of each cell, as this way, there will be space for all of the events that the user inputs. On this day, we collaborated with another group, Steven's group where we collaborated on this problem, but still were not able to figure it out.

# 10/27 (Thursday)
Today, we were trying to figure out how we were supposed to implement our API into our calendar. We made several issues regarding this topic and crossed over with other groups for assistance. While we are still trying to work on the code for our calendar API, we definitely have a better idea on how we can go about incorporating it into our final project. Tomorrow we plan on actually getting the API connected to our backend Flask application. We have also been updating our issues to show our progress and the problems we have been having so we can fix it as a group. It also allows us to keep progress of what we are and have been doing so it can be documented. 

# 10/28 (Friday)
Today we are going to get checked by Mr. Mortensen to see our commits and update him on our progress on our calendar project. We have gotten inspiration from calendy which Mr. Mortensen suggested us to take a look at. One of the problems that we had was the formatting on the tables width with the pixels because the word "Wednesday" is longer than the rest of the days in the week. The DevOps (Luka) will also make the changes to our docker-compose.yml in aws so that it will restart our service when there was a patch or an update. Our Backend (Jishnu) will finish his javascript code so it is interactive. Our Scrum Master fixed our table because our formatting was not even across the days. He will also help our backend and frontend with their roles. Our frontend (Edwin) today will customize our fastpage so it fits our groups theme. 

# 11/1 (Tuesday)
Over the weekend, our scrum master (Emaad) was able to figure out how to add the API to the frontend and the backend and was able to input data onto the frontend table. Additionally, our Frontend Developer (Edwin) was able to figure out how to customize the home page a little bit with the background color and the scroll bar.